bluetooth: controller: Return an error if LLPM is not supported (#18675)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth® LE
-------------

> * The :c:func:`hci_vs_sdc_llpm_mode_set` function returns an error if Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) is not supported or not enabled in the Bluetooth LE controller configuration (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_SDC_LLPM`).

Reviewer: I think we need to start changelog entries with the following verbs Added/Removed/Updated: 

```suggestion
* Updated the Bluetooth LE Controller to make the :c:func:`hci_vs_sdc_llpm_mode_set` function return an error if Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) is not supported or not enabled in the Bluetooth LE controller configuration (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_SDC_LLPM`).
```

Author: I think we should refer to `SoftDevice Bluetooth LE Controller driver` after the rephrase

> * The :c:func:`hci_vs_sdc_llpm_mode_set` function returns an error if Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) is not supported or not enabled in the Bluetooth LE controller configuration (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_SDC_LLPM`).

Author: Behavior was changed, I wanted to notify customers (discussed with @rugeGerritsen, we think that known issue may not be necessary because it does not seem like a severe issue)
